Mr. Ye
Hey
As expected, something happened to you on Nanhai Island
What's wrong?
House prices overnight
All of Hainan is in a frenzy
Real estate in our house this time?
Really invincible and bold
House prices on Nanhai Island are falling so fast
Mr. Ye, you are really predictable.
sweep
You can know that the real estate in Nanhai Island will go wrong
The last Nanhai Island real estate crash should have been in
Start in early September
I definitely didn't expect this to show so much
It seems that there should be some link.
Fluttered butterfly wings
Created butterflies
What kind of predictability is this?
Just blind luck
You, you, stop being modest
Once and twice
You can't cover it every time, right?
Hey, can't you?
Well, do you have time tonight?
My mom
I want to take you to meet someone on your birthday
You'll know when you go.
Anyway, I definitely